Quiz 1    40/50
Q1 I chose How long the program takes to run because I thought that the ability of the program to process larger data was affected by how long the program takes to run. 
Q7  I didn’t remember how to convert the binary to decimal but I have learned the ways of the decimal conversions. Because it is base 2 each digit is worth 2^x. 
Q13 I assumed that the animal wouldn’t be traveling with other animals that were tracked but upon some reflection I realize that the answer says other tracked animals and that they wouldn’t be able to find the weather with only the information that they were provided. When I was answering the question I didn’t think that it was C because I was thinking that the Biologists would be able to find out the weather using the date and time and researching but that would be information that is outside of what they collected. 
Q15 I didn’t see option C because all of the other answers were really safe and C is bad because you are emailing your cc info to what is maybe the hotel. 
Q23 I wasn’t sure between the Ip address and the cookie's answer because with the ip address you can get the user’s location down to the block that they live on whereas with cookies I didn’t think it would be as bad because I am a very digitally responsible person. 
Q24 I forgot that the Packet contained data and metadata and thought that the data it contained was encrypted and it had metadata with the key with it which in retrospect is kind of dumb because you are sending the encrypted data and key at the same time so there isn’t really a point to ecrypt it. 
Q29 I didn’t realize that you weren’t restricted to the number list that the programmer initialized and so I was only using the four numbers that were given in order to test the code. 
Q32 the answer that I chose is wrong because if you move the return in between lines 9 and 10 it would make it so that it would return for every item in the list. Instead the problem with the program was that the line that set the count to 0 needed to be moved so that it came before the “for every item in list” because as it is right now it is just setting the count to 0 for every item in the list and so the end result would have just been one instead of the correct number of duplicates. 
Q37 I chose my answer because I was honestly unsure of what was wrong with the code that was given. Now that I finished I noticed that because the three processes are in two separate boxes it makes it so that the values x = 3, y =  2, and z = 1 would incorrectly display 1 as the greatest value. This is because in the first box it would set the 3 correctly as the max value but then in the second box it would see that 2 is less than 3 so it would go to the else statement which says “else max <- 1” which is wrong because, well, 1 is not bigger than 2 or 3. 
Q45 I got this question wrong because I thought that the cost of the electronics would under the computer and electronics category, I didn’t think that politicians would show under people and society. 
Quiz 2  47/50
Q14 I simply made a mathematical mistake all you had to do was take the number and divide it by the user by year so for example for the first year there’s 262gb being used and 26 users so the average amount of storage used by the user is about 10.
Q25 I chose the privacy risk instead of the benefit to the user which was an accident. 
Q39 I was honestly being lazy and didn’t actually convert the binary string into decimal

